that's also why she's down there so she
can put the other ones on the bucket
does that make sense
No
oh there you go you've heard don't
correct him
don't make him sit this time he's
getting tired I don't want to think they
have to do obedience out oldest play
good job it hold hold his call at this
time so he doesn't have to be sitting
wait till Peggy's back so he doesn't run
Peggy
no sit
nope Linda :
okay hold on Linda hey you go back down
there please yet wait he doesn't have
the confidence to keep running having
her down there it the picture isn't
clear he's uh he doesn't understand you
very much so
okay yep oh now why did he run down
better that time she's not calling you
she's not doing anything okay but is the
dog running to her or the toy so bye-bye
him having the confidence that he knows
the picture is clearer and he ran down